This concludes the module we're
going to finish with a quick
recap of our learning objectives
and emphasize some key takeaways.
Internet of Things products often
require a strong business case
and require that suppliers adopt
open communication protocols.
There is little standardization in
the market for field devices exposing
field devices to public networks often
raises security vulnerabilities.
Automated testing throughout the product
lifecycle is a good is good practice
in mitigating network run abilities.
However, industry testing standards
are yet to be established.